a value story with a flair for
excitement is the sporty encore Renault
quality in spritely hatchbacks these are
the front wheel drive made in America
1986 encore hatchbacks models include
the Encore s 3-door and 5-door the LS
3-door and 5-door the GS 3 door and a
new model for 1986 the Encore electronic
3 door the improvements for 1986 are
easy to see the minute the driver gets
into the Encore
the seat belt system has been improved
by reducing tension on the shoulder belt
for added comfort without sacrificing
safety an optional 5 position tilt
steering wheel is available for 1986
encores the ignition switch lock
assembly has been repositioned for
easier access the 1986 encore has a
redesigned instrument panel that
includes newly styled analogue clusters
and rearrangement of the console the new
console features improved heating and
air conditioning controls with a
four-speed floor heat ducts are
strategically placed at the base of the
console for rear seat passenger comfort
the radio has been moved up on the
console for easier access there have
also been audio improvements which
include AM stereo added to the am band
of all stereo radios the electronically
tuned radio feature has been added
the am/fm stereo radio and as an option
the exciting Accu sound by Jensen 6
speaker package is available it's a
sound system tailored to the car's
environment to provide the most accurate
sound reproduction possible and it's
comparable to any in the automotive
industry the Encore s LS GS and the new
electronic at 60/40 split rear seats for
long items such as golf clubs or skis
when both seats are upright their
seating for three adults in the rear the
room for additional luggage when one
seat is down there's still room for
those long packages and seating for one
when both seats are down there is a wide
and lengthy load space that can hold up
to 58 cubic feet of cargo to new
interior colors tan and pewter replace
almond and honey this gives your
customers for interior color choices on
the outside the Encore has a new look up
front with its sleek grille design the
Encore s LS and GS have a black grille
black headlamp frames and slimmer quad
headlamps three new exterior colors are
available for the 1986 encore they are
beige gold metallic and blue Mike italic
this makes a total of 10 exterior colors
for your customer the Encore is
beautiful on the outside and we make
sure it's funny tough underneath to keep
it that way
there are galvanized steel panels in
critical areas of the body and the
panels are coated with zinc phosphate
then the body is immersed in a cathode
electoral code dip it puts a corrosion
inhibitor himer code into every little
nook and cranny of the body the results
are a bright and durable service with
corrosion resistance deep down to the
the encore has four-wheel independent
suspension and a ninety seven point
eight inch wheelbase to tame the
roughest of roads for a comfortable ride
front suspension includes independent
coil springs with McPherson struts and
the rear uses twin coaxial torsion bars
with trailing arms the handling on the
Encore has been improved with larger
diameter sway bars front and rear new
front strut assembly valving in front
and rear brake system improvements
stopping is reliable with power assisted
front disc and rear drum brakes the
famous renault front wheel drive system
provides greater pulling traction while
driving on loose surfaces or in bad
weather it also contributes to the
generous interior space to see five
adults all the Encore models have a
center mount rear stop lamp on the rear
deck or integrated into the rear spoiler
the s and LS are powered by a 1.4 liter
electronic fuel-injected engine the S
offers a four-speed manual overdrive
transmission and the LS a five-speed
manual overdrive transmission the 1.4
liter engine features an improved
electronic fuel injection system the
Encore GS gets its snap from the one
point seven liter overhead cam engine
teamed up with a five-speed overdrive
transmission this engine is also
standard on the new encore electronic
and is optional on all other encores of
course a three speed automatic
transmission is available as an option
other options available include the
Sunshine package with a pop-up sunroof
14 inch aluminum wheels and a sports
steering wheel the sunroof can also be
ordered as a separate option and one of
the most interesting options offered by
Renault is the remote-controlled door
lock system
it's called system century it's
activated by a handheld electronic
sending unit and it can lock or unlock
all four doors by remote